---
source_url: https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-cis/vcf/vcf-9-0-and-later/9-0/advanced-network-management/administration-guide/authentication-and-authorization.html
product: vmware-cloud-foundation
version: 9.0
section: NSX
breadcrumb: NSX > Authentication and Authorization
---

# Authentication and Authorization

You can log in to NSX
Manager using a local user account, a user account managed by VMware
Identity Manager (vIDM), or a user account managed by a directory service such as Active
Directory over LDAP or OpenLDAP. Starting in NSX 4.1.2, you can use vCenter server as an external identity provider by connecting NSX to Workspace ONE Access Broker using VMware Cloud Foundation SDDC Manager. You can also assign roles
to user accounts managed by vIDM, OpenID Connect, or a directory service to implement
role-based access control.

NSX Manager recognizes only system-generated session
identifiers and invalidates session identifiers upon administrator logout or other
session termination. Upon successful login, the NSX Manager
uses a random number generator to create a random session ID and stores that ID in
memory. When clients make requests to the NSX Manager, it
only allows clients to authenticate if the session ID they present matches one of the
IDs generated by the server. When any user logs out of NSX
Manager, the session identifier is immediately destroyed and cannot be
reused.

Access to NSX
Manager via UI, API and CLI is subject to authentication and
authorization. In addition, such access will generate audit logs. This logging is
enabled by default and cannot be disabled. Auditing of sessions is initiated at system
startup. Audit log messages include the text audit="true" in the
structured data part of the log message.

Local user passwords on NSX appliances are secured using the default
Linux/PAM libraries which store the hashed and salted representation in
/etc/shadow. NSX Manager uses the
SHA512 cryptographic hash algorithm to hash the local user passwords. During
authentication, the password entered by the user is obfuscated. Other passwords are
encrypted using a random key that is stored in the local file system. For more details,
see the [VMware Security
Hardening Guides](https://communities.vmware.com/t5/VMware-NSX-Documents/NSX-Security-Configuration-Guide/ta-p/2778414) or review the [SHA512 Ubuntu MAN
pages](http://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/trusty/man1/sha512sum.1.html) and the Internet FAQ titled "[Understanding
/etc/shadow file format on Linux](https://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/understanding-etcshadow-file/)."