---
source_url: https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-cis/vcf/vcf-9-0-and-later/9-0/advanced-network-management/administration-guide/tier-0-gateways/create-an-nsx-slaac-and-dad-profiles-for-ipv6-address-assignment.html
product: vmware-cloud-foundation
version: 9.0
section: NSX
breadcrumb: NSX > Create NSX SLAAC and DAD Profiles for IPv6 Address Assignment
---

# Create NSX SLAAC and DAD Profiles for IPv6 Address Assignment

When using IPv6 on a logical router interface, you can set up Stateless Address
Autoconfiguration (SLAAC) for the assignment of IP addresses. SLAAC enables the addressing
of a host, based on a network prefix advertised from a local network router, through router
advertisements. Duplicate Address Detection (DAD) ensures the uniqueness of IP
addresses.

Navigate to NetworkingGlobal Networking Settings, click the Global Gateway Config tab and
select IPv4 and IPv6 as the L3 Forwarding
Mode

1. From your browser, log in with
   admin privileges to an NSX Manager at https://<nsx-manager-ip-address>.
2. Select NetworkingTier-0
   Gateways.
3. To edit a tier-0 gateway, click
   the menu icon (three dots) and select Edit.
4. Click Additional
   Settings.
5. To create an ND Profile (SLAAC profile), click the menu
   icon (three dots) and select Create New.
   1. Enter a name for the profile.
   2. Select a mode:

      - Disabled - Router advertisement messages
        are disabled.
      - SLAAC with DNS Through RA - The address
        and DNS information is generated with the router advertisement
        message.
      - SLAAC with DNS Through DHCP - The
        address is generated with the router advertisement message and the
        DNS information is generated by the DHCP server.
      - DHCP
        with Address and DNS through DHCP - The address and
        DNS information is generated by the DHCP server.
      - SLAAC with Address and DNS through DHCP
        - The address and DNS information is generated by the DHCP server.
        This option is only supported by NSX Edge and not by ESX hosts.
   3. Enter the reachable time and the retransmission interval for the router
      advertisement message.
   4. Enter the domain name and specify a lifetime for the domain name. Enter
      these values only for the SLAAC with DNS Through
      RA mode.
   5. Enter a DNS server and specify a lifetime for the DNS server. Enter
      these values only for the SLAAC with DNS Through
      RA mode.
   6. Enter the values for router advertisement: 

      - RA
        Interval - The interval of time between the
        transmission of consecutive router advertisement messages.
      - Hop
        Limit - The lifetime of the advertised
        routes.
      - Router Lifetime - The lifetime of the
        router.
      - Prefix Lifetime- The lifetime of the
        prefix in seconds.
      - Prefix Preferred Time - The time that a
        valid address is preferred.
6. To create a DAD Profile, click the menu icon (three
   dots) and select Create New.
   1. Enter a name for the profile.
   2. Select a mode:

      - Loose - A duplicate address notification
        is received but no action is taken when a duplicate address is
        detected.
      - Strict - A duplicate address
        notification is received and the duplicate address is no longer
        used.
   3. Enter the Wait Time (seconds) that specifies the
      interval of time between the NS packets.
   4. Enter the NS Retries Count that specifies the
      number of NS packets to detect duplicate addresses at intervals defined
      in Wait Time (seconds)