---
source_url: https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-cis/vcf/vcf-9-0-and-later/9-0/fleet-management/what-is-configuration-management/git.html
product: vmware-cloud-foundation
version: 9.0
section: Fleet Management
breadcrumb: Fleet Management > Managing Configuration Templates with Source Control
---

# Managing Configuration Templates with Source Control

Integrating the VCF Operations Configuration Drifts Templates with a source control repository allows you to control versioning, auditing, and the management of your configuration templates.

## Integrating with Source Control

Integrating with a source control repository enables you to manage configuration templates under source control. This functionality also facilitates accurate configuration updates, supports change control with reviews, and integrates continuous integration and continuous development for automated testing and validation.

GitLab and GitHub are supported source control repositories.

The source control repository system must support the following Console requirements:

- Reachable by FQDN
- Access Token can be generated by the source control and used by the Console
- Accepts a Branch input field
- Accepts a Repository input field

This integration has been tested with the following Git-based source control solutions:

- **GitLab**: Version 15.x, 16.x, and 17-17.6.
- **GitHub**: Version 3.13.13.

## Generating Access Tokens in GitLab (Example)

The following is a generic workflow for generating an access token in GitLab. Your experience may vary based on your environment.

1. Log in to your GitLab account.
2. Click the Profile icon and click Edit profile.
3. Click Access Tokens.
4. Enter the Token name and select the Expiration date.
5. Select the following scopes. Scopes set the permission levels granted to the token.

   1. api
   2. read\_api
   3. read\_repository
   4. write\_repository
6. Click Create personal access token.

## Generating Access Tokens in GitHub (Example)

The following is a generic workflow for generating an access token in GitHub. Your experience may vary based on your environment.

1. Log in to your GitHub account.
2. Click the Profile icon and click Settings.
3. Click Developer settings.
4. Expand Personal Access Tokens and then select Tokens (classic).
5. Click Generate new token and then click Generate new token (classic).
6. Enter the Name and select the Expiration date.
7. Select the following scopes. Scopes define the access for personal tokens.

   1. repo
   2. Admin:repo\_hook
   3. project
8. Click Generate token.